Add scenario for IsManagedAccount (#807)
MicrosoftDocs/SupportArticles-docs: support/sql/admin/error-1069-service-cannot-start.md

1. If step 1 fails and reports the same issue, you must reset the password for the Windows logon. If the SQL Server Startup account is a Local User Account on the computer, open Computer Management (compmgmt.msc), and reset the password of the local user. If the SQL Server Startup account is a Windows Domain Account, open Active Directory Users and Computers, and then change the credentials. After the credentials are updated, return to SQL Server Configuration Manager, enter the same credentials, and then start the service.

    Type the correct password in the SQL Server service account on the SQL Server host computer. To do this, follow the procedures from [SCM Services - Change the Password of the Accounts Used](/sql/database-engine/configure-windows/scm-services-change-the-password-of-the-accounts-used).

##### Scenario 2: gMSA IsManagedAccount Flag Set Improperly

    

> 1. If you are using a gMSA account to run the SQL Server Service and the IsManagedAccount flag for the given service is set to false, you will receive error 7038 as soon as the cached secret is invalid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If you are using a group Managed Service Accounts (gMSA) account to run the SQL Server Service and the IsManagedAccount flag for the given service is set to **false**, you may receive a Service Control Manager event ID 7038 as soon as the cached secret is invalid.
```
